Israeli forces are withdrawing from
Eastern KH unas in southern Gaza 9 days
after launching a military offensive
there at least 21 Palestinians were
killed in the area in the past 24 hours
another 43 were injured and taken to
nassa hospital the city's last
functioning health facility during the
offensive thousands of people were
forced to Head West towards alasi where
families are living in tents Israel had
previously declared almasi a so-called
safe evacuation Zone but has attacked it
repeatedly let's bring in our
correspondent hany makm he's joining us
live from Central gaza's largest city de
albala hany what are you hearing about
the state that Israeli soldiers have
left Eastern KH Unison keeping in mind
that most of the city was already
destroyed before the latest
defensive yes well the Israeli military
would start withdrawing from Eastern
part of Han Unis as early hours of last
night under heavy coverage of air
attacks and heavy artilleries that went
on for almost all night long to the
point people were thinking the uh the
giving the taking the impression that
the military operation was expanding
into further areas to the center and the
western part uh of the city just given
the intensity of the air attacks and the
heavy artillery and the heavy machine
guns that could be heard loudly from the
center part of the city and at the
vicinity of nasar hospital but as of
early hours of this morning the Israeli
military has withdrawn fully from all
eastern part of Han Unice uh however
there isn't any official comment or
statement by the Israeli military about
the an end to the military operations in
eastern KH unit which makes it quite
risky right now there's fear that is
mounding that there might be a recurrent
incursion or a sudden attack as it
happened 9 days ago when the isra
military out of nowhere it started
attacking the eastern part of KH un
without giving any prior warning
whatsoever to many of the families they
end up who ended up being trapped inside
their residential homes including people
with some health complications as well
as disabilities who were quite uh uh
unable to take shelters or leave their
homes it could the the sudden attack by
heavy artilleries and air attacks on
residential homes and a public
facilities it created a Havoc it created
the state of panic among the residents
of the eastern part of Khan unun who
were either trying to leave their home
seeking shelters elsewhere it was not
until 45 minutes later the Israeli
military issued evacuation orders but it
was still under heavy artilleries uh
from the eastern part of the city that
targeted almost the entire residential
blocks in the in in in the eastern part
of kanun City ordering people sharply to
take Al maasi evacuation Zone to that
area the Israeli military after 9 days
left Eastern Khan Unis but leaving a
Trails of Devastation and destruction uh
to all means of life including public
facilities including Social Services
facilities across the city uh
eyewitnesses who are making their way to
their residential home are describing
what they are seeing as horrific and
they're going back to more of a waste
land that is become has become
uninhabitable Hy thank you for that
update that is hany Mahmood live in
there albala in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler